For every additional element, why you are adding it?
The additional elements are: a second server and a lad balancer
The second server was added to add redundancy incase of any failure and improve
the overall performance of the domain.
The load blancer is added to control the incomibg traffic by referring to the
appropriate server between the two available servers

What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it works?
My loadblancer is configured with Least connection algorithm where incoming
traffic is given to the server with the least no of persisting connections.

Your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain the difference between both
The load-balancer in this infastructure enables am active-active setup  The
active-active setup incvlves having all the available servers online, and
delivering resoirces requested by clients while the active-passive invloves
having a number of the available servers onlibe and responding to requests while
the remaining act as backups, online yet not receiving or responding to client
requests yet ever ready to take the place of any of the responsive servers in the
case of a failure.

How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works?
It works by having a separate databse called a replica/slave database capable of only read operations which is
constantly being synchronized to the master/primary database when any modification
is made to it. This slave DB then acts as a backup to the master in the case of a
failure or dtabase collapse. The master is capable of execyting both read and write queries.

What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to the application
The application principally fetches any needed record from the primary node and
typicaly doesnt query the replica node even in the face of a failed primary node.


PROBLEMS WITH THE INFASTRUCTURE
Where are SPOF
The SPOF is in the model of the database. Having a DB which only queries the
master node creates unforseen downtime if the mater node becomes irresponsive.

Security issues (no firewall, no HTTPS)
No firewall or secure HTTP incurs the risk of intrusion by malicious clients to
access sensitive data on the database and edit records, listen to other client's
transmission to and fro the server and even totally hijacking one or all server(s).
Also even normal usees can accidentally access records they shouldnt since there is no
firewall to enforce the privileges they've been given.

No monitoring
With no monitoring, a better load balancing algorithm that utilizes monitoring
cannot be used. When a server fails without monitoring in a least connection
algorithm, the load-balancer can misinterpret it as having the server with the
least connection and keep transferrring client request to the failed server. Also,
with a master-slave DB model lacking monitoring the codebase cannot be made to switch
to the slave node when the master node is down.
