For every additional element, why you are adding it
Firewall: To act as a network barrier to blacklist traffic and enforse client
and admistrator privileges
SSL Cert.: To provide a layer of security to http pages transmission by end-to-end
encryption of data packets.
Monitoring clients: To monitor server and database availability, responsivity and
processing speeds amongst others.

What are firewalls for
Firewalls are network barriers to ensure appropriate traffuc is received and
responded to.

Why is the traffic served over HTTPS
To encrypt the dara beubg transferred from the server to client inorder to mitigate
against cyberattacks.

What monitoring is used for
To ascertain the current running conditions of various components of the web
infastructure.

How the monitoring tool is collecting data
It collects data by recording various stats of the server/database such as QPS and
processing speeds which it uses to formulate concise information which the web
admistrator can better understand. It can also mimic client traffic inorder in
server testing scenerios.

Explain what to do if you want to monitor your web server QPS
A monitoring service would need to be installed on the database or a peripheral
computer with the monitoring service prei stalked will be connected to the database.
After this all queries which are given to the server and subsequently sent to the
DB will be recorded by this monitoring client.



PROBLEMS WITH THE INFASTRUCTURE
Why terminating SSL at the load balancer level is an issue
If the SSL is terminated at the load balancer level it leaves every component
of the infastructure behind the load balancer vulnerable to sniffing attacks.

Why having only one MySQL server capable of accepting writes is an issue
With only one SQL server capable of write operations caled the master in the master-slave model
will introduce a SPOF at the database wherein if the master model is down all writing
queries to the DB will fail.

Why having servers with all the same components (database, web server and application server) might be a problem
It will greatly reduce the redundancy of the infastructure. Althoigh it may be power
abd resource saving it'll ultimately lead to a one-fail-affects-all scenerio as
they will be sharing several scarse system resources.